# BenchBot

High-throughput technology for plant phenotyping allows plant development and morphological traits tracking at a scale that was unimaginable with traditional phenotyping techniques. The development of  high-throughput phenotyping tools has been exponentially growing for several years now thanks to the increasing availability of lower cost sensors and technological advances in general. There are numerous examples of these tools which are being used for different applications such as root, shoot, and tissue phenotyping.
Even though there are several options out there, most of them are either costly, need specific infrastructure, are limited to certain plant sizes or require large amounts of highly trained labor to operate. This is the gap that we are expecting to cover by developing a a versatile low-cost high-throughput tool such as BenchBot. 
BenchBot is an open-source high-throughput plant phenotyping computer vision solution which allows for data collection in an automated way, it can be used in different setups (indoor/semi-outdoor) and with various sensors. It is relatively low-cost, modular, upgradeable, portable and easy to use.
BenchBot can be used with various sensors to adjust to the application needs. In this repository you can find the scripts being used for the integration and control of BenchBot with a High Resolution camera. bla ba bla add here. 
For a full description of BenchBot, list of materials, camera specs, among others, visit the BenchBot Confluence page here (Add link to Confluence page, not public yet).
